ladies and gentlemen this is rabbi jus
Barca's new backyard I just signed a
contract and this is my new backyard and
I'm going to walk out to the beach in a
moment but first i want to show you
there's a 135 feet of grassy area and
i'm going to be living in that house
right there from the second floor in
bout on april fifteenth and first i will
live in another house on the ground
floor and this is the backyard and we're
going to walk these people keep their
boats in the backyard is it called votes
is of these panga boats Oh banker boats
they're small there's several different
boats back here and somewhere there's a
motorized boat and the gentleman who
owns the house he allows the locals to
keep the boat here which is really nice
of him to do that I'm sure he works out
something with them and this is my
backyard bro this is my backyard I met a
fella in a ba of all places rabbi
jewbacca and this is my new backyard Tom
and this is it no joke I gave the man
the money for the rent and here we are
and from here there's plenty of fish out
there and you're allowed to fish and
you're allowed to go spear fishing off
the beach it's perfectly legal so what
we have here is my new home rabbi jus
Barca's new home and this is uh this is
the bahal see I'm living on the bahal
see this is the beach
this is my own private beach and these
boats go fishing every day and go scuba
diving and go to the different islands
in the general area maayan upon
and there's the sunset my aunt upon
salamah my new neighbor and this is the
crystal clarity of the water this water
is like a bluish green now it's a little
salty because the ocean is a little
rough today you could see how rough it
is cuz there's waves so ladies and
gentlemen without further ado this is
this is rabbi jewbacca no joke grab by
Drew Barca's new house no joke is it I
rented it signed the contract and I move
in soon as I clear my stuff out of cebu
that's right baby rabbi jubak we're in
the Philippines this is it home sweet
home hey bro I haven't written you a
letter in a while but I'll get to one
probably within the next day or so I
don't have Wi-Fi here and I'm in the
island of panglao
and ladies and gentlemen rabbi Drew
Barker and the Philippines baby we're in
the Philippine now we're officially in
soaking and God Day to everybody some
rabbi you barking from home home sweet
home I'll show you my house in the house
there it is from that house I do a
little bit of landscaping on those
coconut trees and some of those big
trees I'll have a clear view over the
ocean so thank you very much for
watching my videos and this is rabbi jus
Bacchus new house casa did not mention
that I'm very happy person that's right
life is good life is good and a god day
to everybody from rabbi jewbacca and the
philippines baby